DEEPWAVE DIGITAL INC DATA SET LICENSE AGREEMENT

The data or data set (“Data”) that you ("Licensee") are licensing is created and maintained by
Deepwave Digital, Inc (“Company”). Licensee use of the Data is governed by this Data License the
(“License”), which constitutes a binding legal agreement between Licensee and the Company.

EACH TIME LICENSEE USES THE DATA, LICENSEE IS ACCEPTING THIS LICENSE. IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO
THE LICENSE, THE COMPANY IS UNWILLING TO GRANT LICENSEE THE RIGHT TO USE THE DATA, AND LICENSEE
MUST CEASE USE OF THE DATA IMMEDIATELY.


1. LICENSE

1.1 License. Company grants Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferrable, right and license to use,
reproduce, perform, display, modify, create derivative works of, and reformat (“Use”) the Data for 
Licensee's internal use. Licensee may not distribute or make the Data available to any other third
party.

1.2 Security. Licensee will protect the Data with the same level of security measures that Licensee
uses to protect their own data, but no less than reasonable measures. By way of example, this
includes measures like keeping Licensee's password private.

1.3 Ownership. Company owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Data. The Data may contain 
copyrighted material and other proprietary information of the Company. The provision of the Data 
does not transfer to Licensee or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such
intellectual
property, including, without limitation, any intellectual property rights in any Company or third-
party content.


2. DATA SUBSCRIPTIONS

2.1 Fees. If the Data is provided for a fee, Licensee agrees to pay such amounts and fees in
accordance with the processes and procedures set forth in the Company terms. All fees will be non-
refundable.

2.2 Payment. The Company may suspend Licensee's access to the Data or the provision of updates to
Licensee in the event of Licensee's non-payment.


3. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITIES

3.1 Usage. Licensee's use of, or inability to use, the Data is at Licensee's sole risk. THE COMPANY
MAKES NO WARRANTY ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR QUALITY OF THE DATA AND DO NOT GUARANTEE, REPRESENT, OR
WARRANT THAT LICENSEE'S USE OF THE DATA WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

3.2 Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ALL DATA IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND NEITHER PARTY
MAKES ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, 
ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

3.3 Exclusion of Remedies. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE NATURE OF THE CLAIM, 
INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, COSTS OF DELAY, ANY FAILURE OF DELIVERY, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, COSTS OF 
LOST OR DAMAGED DATA OR LIABILITIES TO THIRD PARTIES ARISING FROM ANY SOURCE, EVEN IF SUCH OTHER 
PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

3.4 General Disclaimer. LICENSEE EXPRESSLY UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT  THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE
LIABLE TO LICENSEE UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE) FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY LICENSEE
THROUGH LICENSEE'S USE OF THE DATA, INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY OR ITS
REPRESENTATIVES, HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH
LOSSES ARISING. LICENSEE ALSO EXPRESSLY UNDERSTANDS AND AGREES THAT THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE
TO LICENSEE UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT,
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE) FOR ANY INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY LICENSEE THROUGH
Licensee's USE OF THE DATA, INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING. You agree to indemnify,
defend, and hold the Company harmless with respect to any claims arising out of or relating to
Licensee's unauthorized use of the Data.

3.5 Essential Basis. The disclaimers, exclusions and limitations of liability set forth in this 
License form an essential basis of the bargain between Licensee and the Company, and, absent any of
such disclaimers, exclusions or limitations of liability, the provisions of this License, including
the economic terms, would be substantially different.


4. TERMINATION.

4.1 Termination by Licensee. If Licensee wishs to terminate this License, Licensee should notify the
Company in writing.

4.2 Termination for Breach. The Company reserves the right to immediately terminate this License in 
the event it reasonably determines that Licensee has breached the License.

4.3 Suspension. The Company may suspend Licensee access to the data if Licensee is in breach of this
License. The Company may suspend Licensee's use of the Data in the event the Data detrimentally
impacts other users who have purchased the Data, determined at the Company’s sole discretion.

4.4 Survival. Sections 1.3, 3, 4.4, and 5 will survive the expiration or termination of this 
License. Upon termination, Licensee will delete all copies of the Data in Licensee's possession.


5. GENERAL TERMS; MISCELLANEOUS.

5.1 Applicable Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this License, and 
all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall
be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, without
giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.

5.2 Notice. For contractual purposes, Licensee: (i) consent to receive communications in an
electronic form and (ii) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, documents,
disclosures, and other communications (“Communications”) that the Company provides to Licensee
electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such Communications would satisfy if they were in
writing. Licensee's consent to receive Communications and do business electronically, and Company
agreement to do so, applies to all of Licensee's interactions and transactions under this License.

5.3 Waiver. The failure of either party to insist upon or enforce strict performance by the other 
party of any provision of this License or to exercise any right under this License will not be 
construed as a waiver of such party's right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in 
that or any other instance; rather, the same will be and remain in full force and effect.

5.4 Assignment. Neither party may assign this License or any right, interest or benefit hereunder 
without the prior written consent of the other party, not to be unreasonably withheld. Any 
assignment in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.

5.5 Entire Agreement. This License is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between 
the parties with respect thereto.

5.6 Amendment. Licensee's rights and obligations under this License may be amended or modified from
time to time and at any time. If any such amendment or modification is material, The Company will
post notice of it on the Company’s website or by email to licensed users. Licensee's access of the
Company’s website and use of the Data following any such amendment or modification shall be deemed
Licensee's acceptance of such amendment and modification. You agree to review this License
periodically to be aware of such amendments and modifications.

5.7 Construction. Unless otherwise specifically stated the word “including” will not be construed as
terms of limitation, and will mean “including without limitation”.

5.8 Severability. If any provision of this License will be held to be invalid, illegal or 
nonenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will in no way
be affected or impaired thereby, and the parties will substitute for the affected portion an 
enforceable provision which closest approximates the intent and the economic effect thereof.
