DEEPWAVE DIGITAL INC SOFTWARE SOURCE CODE TERMS OF USE

This terms of use document (the “Agreement”) sets forth the terms and conditions for licensing and 
use of Product Source Code (the “Software”) from Deepwave Digital, Inc (“Licensor”) to you 
(“Licensee”).

In the event the Licensor provides the Licensee accompanying data or a data set ("Data") for use in
conjunction with the Software, the Data is licensed pursuant to the software license agreement 
provided with the Data and excluded from this Agreement.

EACH TIME YOU USE THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE 
AGREEMENT, THE LICENSOR IS UNWILLING TO GRANT YOU THE RIGHT TO USE THE SOFTWARE, AND YOU MUST CEASE 
USE OF THE SOFTWARE IMMEDIATELY. 


1. TERMS

1.1 Licensor grants Licensee a non‐exclusive, transferable (as outlined in this Agreement) license 
to use source code in projects to be distributed in a compiled binary format.

1.2 Licensor does not grant the Licensee right to use, distribute, or display trademarks, 
servicemarks, copyrighted materials, or intellectual property in public displays unless ownership 
by the Licensor is made obvious and apparent, and with appropriate permission from Licensor.

1.3 Source code, whether whole or in part, may not be distributed outside of Licensee’s 
organization.


2. TERM AND TERMINATION

2.1 Licensor retains the right to terminate this Agreement at any time and for any cause with thirty
(30) days written notice to Licensee.

2.2 This Agreement is in effect as long as Licensee holds any copy of the Source Code on any 
Licensee computer or storage media either onsite or offsite.

2.3 Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, Licensee shall 
immediately: (i) cease all use of the Software; and (ii) make all reasonable efforts to destroy and/
or remove all copies of the Software from Licensee computers and storage media.

3. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITIES

3.1 Usage. Your use of, or inability to use, the Software is at your sole risk. THE LICENSOR MAKES NO 
WARRANTY ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR QUALITY OF THE SOFTWARE AND DO NOT GUARANTEE, REPRESENT, OR WARRANT 
THAT YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. 

3.2 Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY PROVIDED HEREIN, ALL SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND NEITHER 
PARTY MAKES ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF NON-
INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

3.3 Exclusion of Remedies. IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, 
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF THE NATURE OF THE CLAIM, 
INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, COSTS OF DELAY, ANY FAILURE OF DELIVERY, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, COSTS OF 
LOST OR DAMAGED DATA OR LIABILITIES TO THIRD PARTIES ARISING FROM ANY SOURCE, EVEN IF SUCH OTHER 
PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

3.4 General Disclaimer. YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT  THE LICENSOR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE 
TO YOU UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE) FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU THROUGH YOUR 
USE OF THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ANY LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER OR NOT THE LICENSOR OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES, 
HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING. YOU 
ALSO EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE LICENSOR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY THEORY 
OF LIABILITY (REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE 
AND STRICT LIABILITY), WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ANY 
LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER OR NOT THE LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold the Licensor 
harmless with respect to any claims arising out of or relating to your unauthorized use of the 
Software.

3.5 Licensee will handle and be responsible for all warranty returns from its End-Users or 
Resellers.


4. LEGAL COMPLIANCE
Licensee acknowledges that the Software and the technical documents received from Licensor in
accordance with the terms hereunder may be subject to United States export and import controls, and 
in the performance of its obligations, Licensee shall at all times strictly comply with all laws, 
regulations and orders, and agrees to commit no act which, directly or indirectly, would violate 
any United States or other countries’, regulations or orders.


5. GENERAL TERMS; MISCELLANEOUS

5.1 Applicable Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this License, and 
all acts and transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall
be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, without
giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.

5.2 Notice. For contractual purposes, you: (i) consent to receive communications in an electronic 
form and (ii) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, documents, disclosures, and 
other communications (“Communications”) that the Licensor provides to you electronically satisfy any
legal requirement that such Communications would satisfy if they were in writing. Your consent to 
receive Communications and do business electronically, and our agreement to do so, applies to all of
your interactions and transactions under this License.

5.3 Waiver. The failure of either party to insist upon or enforce strict performance by the other 
party of any provision of this License or to exercise any right under this License will not be 
construed as a waiver of such party's right to assert or rely upon any such provision or right in 
that or any other instance; rather, the same will be and remain in full force and effect.

5.4 Entire Agreement. This License is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties 
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior discussions between 
the parties with respect thereto.

5.5 Amendment. Your rights and obligations under this License may be amended or modified from time 
to time and at any time. If any such amendment or modification is material, The Licensor will post 
notice of it on the Licensor’s website or by email to licensed users. Your access of the Licensor’s 
website and use of the Software following any such amendment or modification shall be deemed your 
acceptance of such amendment and modification. You agree to review this License periodically to be 
aware of such amendments and modifications.

5.6 Construction. Unless otherwise specifically stated the word “including” will not be construed as
terms of limitation, and will mean “including without limitation”.

5.7 Severability. If any provision of this License will be held to be invalid, illegal or 
unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will in no way 
be affected or impaired thereby, and the parties will substitute for the affected portion an 
enforceable provision which closest approximates the intent and the economic effect thereof.
